HTML5 has some elements that identify different content areas. These elements make your HTML easier to read and help with Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and accessibility.

img elements have an opening tag without a closing tag. 

Use list item (li) elements to create items in a list. Here is an example of list items in an unordered list:

The figure element represents self-contained content and will allow you to associate an image with a caption.

A figure caption (figcaption) element is used to add a caption to describe the image contained within the figure element. For example, <figcaption>A cute cat</figcaption> adds the caption A cute cat.

The code for an ordered list (ol) is similar to an unordered list, but list items in an ordered list are numbered when displayed.

The action attribute indicates where form data should be sent. For example, <form action="/submit-url"></form> tells the browser that the form data should be sent to the path /submit-url.

The input element allows you several ways to collect data from a web form. Like img elements, input elements are self-closing and do not need closing tags.

There are many kinds of inputs you can create using the type attribute. You can easily create a password field, reset button, or a control to let users select a file from their computer.

In order for a form’s data to be accessed by the location specified in the action attribute, you must give the text field a name attribute and assign it a value to represent the data being submitted. For example, you could use the following syntax for an email address text field: <input type="text" name="email">.

Placeholder text is used to give people a hint about what kind of information to enter into an input. For example, <input type="text" placeholder="Email address">.

To prevent a user from submitting your form when required information is missing, you need to add the required attribute to an input element.

Even though you added your button below the text input, they appear next to each other on the page. That’s because both input and button elements are inline elements, which don’t appear on new lines.
You learned previously that the button submits the form by default, but you can explicitly add the type attribute with the value submit to make it clearer.

You can use radio buttons for questions where you want only one answer out of multiple options.
Here is an example of a radio button with the option of cat: <input type="radio"> cat. Remember that input elements are self-closing.

label elements are used to help associate the text for an input element with the input element itself (especially for assistive technologies like screen readers). For example, <label><input type="radio"> cat</label> makes it so clicking the word cat also selects the corresponding radio button.

The id attribute is used to identify specific HTML elements. Each id attribute’s value must be unique from all other id values for the entire page.

Notice that both radio buttons can be selected at the same time. To make it so selecting one radio button automatically deselects the other, both buttons must have a name attribute with the same value.

If you select the Indoor radio button and submit the form, the form data for the button is based on its name and value attributes. Since your radio buttons do not have a value attribute, the form data will include indoor-outdoor=on, which is not useful when you have multiple buttons.

The fieldset element is used to group related inputs and labels together in a web form. fieldset elements are block-level elements, meaning that they appear on a new line.

The legend element acts as a caption for the content in the fieldset element. It gives users context about what they should enter into that part of the form.

Forms commonly use checkboxes for questions that may have more than one answer. For example, here’s a checkbox with the option of tacos: <input type="checkbox"> tacos.

There’s another way to associate an input element’s text with the element itself. You can nest the text within a label element and add a for attribute with the same value as the input element’s id attribute.

In order to make a checkbox checked or radio button selected by default, you need to add the checked attribute to it. There’s no need to set a value to the checked attribute. Instead, just add the word checked to the input element, making sure there is space between it and other attributes.


