## Learn the CSS Box Model by Building a Rothko Painting, Not started
**Every HTML element is its own box – with its own spacing and a border. This is called the Box Model.**

**In this course, you'll use CSS and the Box Model to create your own Rothko-style rectangular art pieces.**

In the CSS box model, every HTML element is treated as a box with four areas.
Imagine you receive a box from your favorite online retailer -- the content is the item in the box, or in our case, a header, paragraph, or image element.

The content is surrounded by a space called padding, similar to how bubble wrap separates an item from the box around it.
Think of the border like the cardboard box your item was shipped in.

Margin is the area outside of the box, and can be used to control the space between other boxes or elements.

Even though your <div> has no text, it's still treated as a box with content. 

Use the border shorthand declaration to give the .frame element a solid, black border with a width of 50px.

Use padding to adjust the spacing within an element.

Use margins to adjust the spacing outside of an element.

Using the margin property, give the .frame element vertical margin of 20px, and horizontal margin of auto. This will move the frame down 20 pixels and horizontally center it on the page.

Now .one is centered horizontally, but its top margin is pushing past the canvas and onto the frame's border, shifting the entire canvas down 20 pixels.
Add padding of 1px to the .canvas element to give the .one element something solid to push off of.

Adding 1 pixel of padding to the top, bottom, left, and right of the canvas changed its dimensions to 502 pixels x 602 pixels.
Replace the padding property with overflow set to hidden - changing the canvas back to its original dimensions.

*It's helpful to have your margins push in one direction.*
In this case, the bottom margin of the .one element pushes .two down 20 pixels.

The colors and shapes of your painting are too sharp to pass as a Rothko.
Use the filter property to blur the painting by 2px in the .canvas element.
*Here's an example of a rule that add a 3px blur:*
p {
  filter: blur(3px);
}

The border-radius property accepts up to four values to round the top-left, top-right, bottom-right, and bottom-left corners.

Rotate each rectangle to give them more of an imperfect, hand-painted look.
Use the transform property on the .one selector to rotate it counter clockwise by 0.6 degrees.
You should set the transform property to rotate(-0.6deg).

